Chris Cioffi

Journalist

cjcioffi@umd.edu
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/chrisjcioffi/
Twitter: https://twitter.com/ReporterCioffi
GitHub: https://github.com/ChrisCioffi (Links to an external site.)



I am a Washington-based congressional reporter at CQ Roll Call, writing the CQ Senate newsletter and a mix of breaking, feature and enterprise stories. I have real-world experience as a reporter, coder and online editor in both local and national newsrooms.

Experience:
Congressional Reporter
CQ Roll Call
January 2019 - present
Write news stories and features for one of the most trusted sources on Capitol Hill; Interview members of Congress; Analyze data; Promoted from online editor.



Adjunct Instructor, Philip Merrill College of Journalism
University of Maryland
August 2021 - present
I teach a media graphics course focused on design fundamentals and hands-on design and production of various forms of visual communication, including infographics and websites.



Digital Editor and Reporter (Freelance)
WTOP
May 2018 - January 2019
Developed and wrote local news; Edited and compiled articles from reporters; Built multimedia content; Selected wire copy while managing the WTOP website.



Graduate Assistant
University of Maryland, School of Public Health
July 2017 - December 2018
Work with the communications department to write press releases and web stories; design new pages and update website; collect photos and edit video.



General Assignment ‘Real Time’ Reporter
The News & Observer, Raleigh, North Carolina
Mar 2016 - June 2017
Used social media and other tools to identify and quickly write stories across many newsroom beats for North Carolina's Pulitzer Prize-winning newspaper; Helped cover City of Raleigh and Wake County; Promoted from North Raleigh News reporter.



Education:

Master of Journalism - Computational and Data Focus, University of Maryland, 2018

Bachelor of Arts, Language, Writing and Rhetoric, North Carolina State University, 2011

Skills:

Journalism. Reporter at a daily news organization who is an expert in writing quick, accurate copy.
Design. Can build websites using HTML, CSS, charts and maps in DataWrapper.
Data analysis. Experienced in data analysis and visualization, and developing stories from data analyzed in R and Excel.
